feat(cci): add resource CCI v2 network (#6491)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/incubating/cciv2_network.md

* `ip_families` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the IP families of the CCI network.
  When IPV6 is enabled, the value can be **["IPv4", "IPv6"]**.

* `security_group_ids` - (Optional, List) Specifies the security group IDs of the CCI network.

* `subnets` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the subnets of the CCI network.
  The [subnets](#block_subnets) structure is documented below.

<a name="block_subnets"></a>
The `subnets` block supports:

* `subnet_id` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the subnet ID of the CCI network.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `api_version` - The API version of the CCI network.

* `kind` - The kind of the CCI network.

* `creation_timestamp` - The creation timestamp of the namespace.

* `finalizers` - The finalizers of the namespace.

* `resource_version` - The resource version of the namespace.

* `status` - The status of the namespace.
  The [status](#attrblock_status) structure is documented below.

* `uid` - The uid of the namespace.

<a name="attrblock_status"></a>
The `status` block supports:

> * `conditions` - Tthe conditions of the CCI network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `conditions` - The conditions of the CCI network.
```

  The [conditions](#attrblock_status_conditions) structure is documented below.

* `status` - The status of the CCI network.

* `subnet_attrs` - The subnet attributes of the CCI network.
  The [subnet_attrs](#attrblock_status_subnet_attrs) structure is documented below.

<a name="attrblock_status_conditions"></a>
The `conditions` block supports:

* `last_transition_time` - The last transition time of the CCI network conditions.

* `message` - The message of the CCI network conditions.

* `reason` - The reason of the CCI network conditions.

* `status` - Tthe status of the CCI network conditions.

* `type` - The type of the CCI network conditions.

<a name="attrblock_status_subnet_attrs"></a>
The `subnet_attrs` block supports:

* `network_id` - The ID of the CCI network.

* `subnet_v4_id` - The subnet IPv4 ID of the CCI network.

* `subnet_v6_id` - The subnet IPv6 ID of the CCI network.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

> The xxx can be imported using `namespace` and `name`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CCI Network can be imported using `namespace` and `name`, seperated by a slash, e.g.
```
